It's 2026. Uh, October 7th at 845 AM. So. I. I am reading a book, um, Principles of Health Interoperability by Tim Benson and Graham Grieve. And I work, you know, not that you should share these details, but I work in Um, patient generated health data from wearable devices. Um, and we use the FHIR standard. HL7 FHIR standard to govern uh, and sort of normalize data for to to enforce uh, interoperability. So. What I want to do, and I'll talk this through, is I want to generate a... Basically want to generate an HTML website. That is. It, it, it basically, should be a proof of concept website. Um, you know, like, it's got maybe multiple pages or whatever. And. What it? The, Folder name is going to be called wealth.riskrunners.com. And the concept, like what it's going to be called is the website's going to be called wealth care. Like W-E-W-E-A-L-T-H-C-A-R-E. It's just wealth care is the website, but it's it's going to be at the wealth dot. Riskrunners.com. Um, And what I want to, you know, show is a proof of concept and. What I basically want to do. Okay, so. Like. Some of this is like proper, like documentation that I want to generate on this website. Like, proof of concept kind of documentation, and some of it might be, like, better if you generate, like, kind of like what the dashboards would look like if we were to build an app that did this. Okay? And. So, like, I want you to properly document in this, like, uh, you know, the, The context file, and the read me, and Basically, um. The website, but We're starting with basically an HTML website that would indicate like what we could build. And I'll talk about basically the architecture of what I think could be built. So this is me architecting, like a wealth care system. Okay. So let me talk a little bit about the kind of the background of this. And like, some of what led to the FHIR standard, uh, started with ISO 13606. And it has like the EHR structure, the electronic healthcare record structure, right? And Now, That's like one standard that I think should be like a reference model. Right? And then, like, then we have, uh, from a guy named Larry Weed, the problem oriented medical record, kind of framework, if you will, and how, you know, how he basically organized, like, the POMR and everything. But like, that's just some of the historical record that you should look up, that context. Basically, eventually, like the FHIR standard came out. And with that, Um, Came the HAPIFHIR open source project, the happy fire open source project. Okay? So, So far what I've done in terms of a proof of concept within, Um, using happy fire for wealth care is to basically repurpose this happy fire underlying database, which is an API, and it, uh, explodes out the JSON object into, Uh, spy decks records, uh, spy deck tables, and basically the API itself can search on codes and on combo codes and whatever kind of attributes or parameters it allows for. Um, to search on and then it has different resources. Now, what I'm familiar with using is just the patient and the observation resource, where you have a patient, you have to put in, and then you point to that patient with observations, and those observations are like blood pressure and blood oxygen saturation and glucose and things like that. And that's basically all we really focus on in my work. But what I want to do is like, start considering the fire spec or the standard and start mapping this, using the happy fire as the underlying kind of app layer and database layer. that I would basically repurpose this for wealth care. So I did approve a concept building a dashboard showing like instead of patients, it's like, you know, uh, client or, um, sort of the wealth care patient, whatever the equivalent of that is, we, you know, we should fix on a name for it, but, uh, you know, we could call it like, the, um, The, uh, individual or the, uh, sort of client, yeah, client, like we could call him the client. And then Let's call him the client. And then, um, You know, for, we'll talk about observations in a second, but then we have, like, practitioners is one of the sort of attributes that you can point to, and the practitioner could be a map to, like, your financial advisor or your lawyer or your accountant. Like the different specialties. Like how healthcare has specialties, like special doctors, like you could have special relationships within, um, Wealth care, and then you have, like, encounters, which is like meetings or, you know, basically encounters could be the same. But in the front end, you know, in the back end, it would use the fire resources, the FHR resources, but in the front end you'd map the names, uh, to the user interface to, like, what is relevant to wealth care. It's repurposing the happy fire, like, architecture. Um, then, so, like, what I want to, like, also emphasize is the one that I've emphasized, which is the risk assessment resource. Because The risk assessment is sort of The end of the pipeline of analyzing risk. So I get the example of like, um, like, uh, like a, you know, a risk assessment being like a smoker, a tobacco smoker, and then, like, they might have, just as an example, like a .4 or maybe like a .25% chance of getting lung cancer. And then like, how would that affect their finances? Would be like, so you have a risk assessment based on behaviors, right? Or, like, You might have, like, basically financial decision making if it's wealth care oriented. It could be health, kind of related, like, how cancer would be expensive if you had to treat that. Um. So, what I'm trying to say is that, um, Basically, Like, I like the risk assessment. Because this is under the umbrella of risk runners.com. You know, it's it's wealth.riskrunners.com. And Um. Yeah, so like basically, like whatever, I think the iso 13606 is interesting because it kind of sets the framework of every kind of resource that would be needed to fill out like a full profile because I have a limited scope of view and my work because I just work with patients and. Observations, um, Like, I'm limited in my scope, whereas, like, really it should be thought of as, There's many, many, many HL 7 fire APIs or pipelines of data. Like I happen to just be with a small set, right? Like, including, um, you know, patient and observation and and, you know, uh, and then like what the supporting terminology bundles are like value sets, code systems, these are resources. Uh, fire resources, like, value set, code systems, structure definitions, like these are some of the ways that a team would govern the data and have code systems, you can have custom code systems, and we can definitely have codes, like coded behaviors. I don't know if this already exists. Like, you should kind of look it up and see if there's like codes within the financial system. And such, to be able to like enforce like coding and everything. So that basically then you have like observations in the in the medical sense, in the same way as like healthcare, wealthcare, where like, If somebody goes and buys a pack of cigarettes or if somebody, you know, buys some silver or somebody gambles online, like every time there's a transaction in your bank account. Um, like basically your, it's basically how you spend your time and your money is really the measure that we would be using. So you basically interface with like, ideally you'd interface with Google Calendar and your, like, your bank account, like with, uh, whatever that connection is with your bank account. Like maybe it's partnering with Stripe. Or something, like the bank, like transactions of Stripe, and then partnering with like, like hooking up to your Google calendar. So you're looking at, like, you, so this is where like AI agents might come into play because you might, like, basically do the natural language processing on or the LLM processing on how you describe your time in your calendar. And then also like the financial transactions and the descriptions of what you're buying and everything. would have to be extracted and gleaned from like your financial transaction. But that's it. how you spend your time and your money would then be basically persisted to this with happy fire into this database. And then, like, we basically do, like, manage your wealth care. So, what I wanted to say was that, like, Um, You know, then you have like observations, right, would be each one of these like transactions, either time or money. And then you have codes and you have reference back to the person, like the client, which would be the patient reference in the subject block. And then you have, like, categories, um, which is a category as an attribute. And then you have maybe component code list, if it's like summaries, and such. So, Like, So, okay, so now let me expand it out a little bit because This would be like raw data, like almost like, um, claims or, like, basically pure data. But then what would be important would be to map it out against, like, basically, as if it was a neural network with this data that you're generating, you then ideally be predicting if you're gonna meet your goals. And I basically have a pipeline, I'm gonna, I'm gonna reference this, this, this tool, account.ninja. And account.ninja is a tool that helps you basically home in on your goals. And I'm going to reference a document that is basically like kind of the proof of concept of somebody homing in on their goals with account.ninja and doing the simulation, like almost gamifying. how they figure out their goals. And then there's a pipeline that basically generates a report And I need to find that pipeline for that report. I think it's in my value.integralmass.com. But it basically generates this report and I want you to read all that because that report basically then encourages you to, like, basically, like, in this sense, in this tool, it's as simple as, like, the 3% investment, the 6% investment, the 12% investment accounts that could help immunize your goal objectives. The point is that you have to base like, your behaviors off of this kind of thing. Like, it's one thing to use like, It's one thing for wealth care to use your actual, like, financial data from, like, your, like, bank or your, like, and to upload that kind of thing. But it's another thing to be collecting along the way in a dynamic way from your time and your money behaviors that are tracked back into this. For the rolling metrics, for the rolling average, for the rolling deviation from the average. Like, so, it's really like, really, I want to, like, show out, and I want you to basically infer, like, and you don't need to label it as such, um, but I want you to infer, like, which which resources would be the most crucial for keeping track of this? And like I said, ISO 13606 might be a good standard to think about. But it's really the fire, like, dependencies in the spec that are like, we should have a starting point. And I realized that there would be a team of people that would be on the governance team that anytime like new people get into the system, new apps get into the system to be able to write to our, uh, you know, pipeline. You know, we would have to be governing and approving of new mappings. Then, like, kind of finally, like, a couple things. So, like, In, like, the idea of like this pipeline would be, like, downstream, you would be syndicating this data. Like, it's kind of like, think about it as like an email that you would send to your client and say, like, basically, fill out the email with each of these pipelines. So I'm trying to think of this in a systems kind of way. Because if you said, like, hey, Jim, which is the client, and you said, like, I saw that you had a large expenditure on, like, a golf cart, right? So how did it know there was a golf cart where there was an observation that there was a golf cart? And it said, um, we've checked, like, we've basically pre-approved you for with your insurance, so that would be another pipeline. You're syndicating from the insurance company back with APIs back, you know, from this data. We pre-approved you for insurance. And we've, we've, we can, uh, if you, if you approve, we, we, you have 3 options for a scheduled appointment with an insurance broker. So basically tease up for your calendar and you can add those to your calendar. And, um, You know, basically that kind of thing. Like, and we've already, like, calculated a premium. Like the point is that it makes this system makes for the ability to syndicate this data. And in the end, like the human interaction is a key part that has to be taken into consideration. Like, how are people basically, like, interfaced with from this system? It can't just all be, you know, behind the scenes. You have to have like human engagement. But that would be another, like, practitioner, it would be an insurance broker in, like, in your, like, wealth care. All this, again, in the back end map to the HO7 fire standard within the Happy Fire architecture. Um, but again, like, without like an objective, like, like account dot ninja provides where people are gamifying, their, like, their goals, without an objective, all of this is for naught. Like, otherwise, people are just, like, because you want to basically, so I called it wealth care, but what I want to emphasize is that it's proactive wealth care. Like that should be basically the title of the website is proactive wealth care. So, I basically want you to model out like this, this system. And model it out into a website that kind of goes into sufficient enough detail about how you could set up this system, how you could set up this infrastructure. Um, you know, and also, like, with some dashboards that kind of represent examples of what people, how people would interface and what they would see in their, in their phone or in their, you know, on their computer and, Um, You know, like I talked about, like, you should have some, some detail of, like, what would be the minimum sufficient, um, Like, minimum sufficient, um, kind of resources from HL 7 fire that you would need to fill out this data, and then basically on the product roadmap, what we would say in terms of the buy versus build kind of comparison, like the point is that you would build based on happy fire as the infrastructure. Um, and then you would eventually, you would pay for when, once you figure out that you only need a subset of the happy fire, like database, you basically, actually underlying the data, you'd, you'd build out, uh, you, you know, you'd basically get the open source, happy fire, you know, architecture, or, you know, app layer and and, um, database. And then eventually you build out, like a replacement and and you do a, you know, a systems migration, uh, from Happy Fire into just the select set of what you know. So you could basically reduce the time to market. And, um, You know, basically reduce the time to market and actually like build it as quickly as possible and get into the hands of people. But anyway, all this is just should be written up into whatever context files are needed. Um, and then also like an HTML website. Like a full-fledged website. Um, Now, what I want you to use is the header and the footer. Um, if I don't give it to you, you should also prompt me for this. Like, you should basically use The header and the footer from the, uh, you know, street.riskrunners.com. Maybe, you know, maybe not the header, but like the footer of the website should be, you know, basically the same or, you know, relevant to this website. Like, you know, dynamic or like custom to this website, but should contain some of the same links. And uh, you know, contact information or whatever. Uh, as street.riskrunners.com. kind of like pointing back to the riskrunners.com website and stuff like that. That's like, that's what I want you to build out.
